Document image group usage for sky matching (#9080)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/skymatch/description.rst

signal levels between images, and the resample step will subtract the BKGLEVEL
values from each input image when combining them into a mosaic.

Sky background
--------------
For a detailed discussion of JWST background components, please see
`Rigby et al. "How Dark the Sky: The JWST Backgrounds", 2023
<https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2211.09890>`_ and
`"JWST Background Model" section in the JWST User Documentation
<https://jwst-docs.stsci.edu/jwst-general-support/jwst-background-model>`_
Here we just note that some components (i.e., in-field zodiacal light)
result in reproducible background structures in all detectors when they are

> exposed simultaneously while other components (such as stray light, thermal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exposed simultaneously, while other components (e.g. stray light, thermal
```

emission) can produce varying background from one exposure to the next

> exposure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exposure. The type of background structure that dominates a particular dataset affects the optimal way to group images in the skymatch step.
```
or something like that, to tie the above to the image group discussion

Image Groups
------------
When computing and matching sky background on a set of input images, a *single
sky level* (or offset, depending on selected ``skymethod``) can be computed
either for each input image or for groups of two or more input images.

When background is dominated by zodiacal light, images taken at the same time
(e.g., NIRCam images from all short-wave detectors) can be sky matched
together; that is, a single background
level can be computed and applied to all these images because we can assume

> that for the next exposure we will get a similar background structure albeit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that for the next exposure we will get a similar background structure, albeit
```

with an offset level (common to all images in an exposure). Using grouped

> images with a common background level offers several advantages such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
images with a common background level offers several advantages:
```

> more data are used to compute the single sky level and it also allows adjusting
> background level of images (in the group) that do not overlap individually
> with any other images in other exposures. This is the default operating mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more data are used to compute the single sky level, and the
background level of images that do not overlap individually
with any other images in other exposures can still be adjusted (as long as they belong to a group). This is the default operating mode
```
